orchestrator_kit/STRUCTURE.md, before:

# Target Repository Structure

The orchestrator now supports a broader operations shop (multiple brands, shared automations, multi-agent workflows). This structure ensures contributors always know where the canonical artifact lives and where guardrails are injected. Paths are relative to the repository root.

## Scope & Guardrail Primer

- *Business shop remit:* customer messaging, sales enablement, automation, incident response, marketing collateral, and analytics across multiple storefronts.
- *Fixed agent identities:* Agent numbering and responsibilities remain unchanged (see `guides/roles_matrix.md`); only their deliverable footprint has expanded.
- *Guardrail injection points:* messaging (`guides/message_standards.md` + `artifacts/04_prompts.md`), automation (`automation/automation_specs.md` + `automation/06_zaps_make.yaml`), operations (`artifacts/09_qa_checklist.md`, `artifacts/12_monitoring.md`, `guides/incident_runbook.md`), and governance (`guides/governance_security.md`, `.checklist.yml`). Every directory below calls out the relevant guardrail sources so editors know what to reference before making changes.

```
orchestrator_kit/
  README.md                # high-level guide + quick links
  MANIFEST.md              # inventory of canonical assets (generated above)
  STRUCTURE.md             # this file
  artifacts/               # final, approved deliverables (D0–D7 outputs, datasets)
    01_stack.md
    02_scope_faq.csv
    ...
  automation/              # machine-consumable specs & worker code
    automation_specs.md
    06_zaps_make.yaml
    webhook_contracts.json
    cloud_workers/
    ...
  guides/                  # governance + guardrail references
    roles_matrix.md
    message_standards.md
    incident_runbook.md
    governance_security.md
    slack_channels.md
  prompts/                 # agent prompts + reusable prompt libraries
    agent_0_prompt.md
    agent_1_prompt.md
    ...
    bonus_prompts.md
  workspaces/              # active drafting areas per agent (transient notebooks, scratch pads)
    agent_1/
    agent_2/
    ...
  marketing/               # positioning + GTM collateral tied to orchestrator deliverables
    positioning_pack.md
    13_pull_site_strategy.md

docs/kit/                  # legacy launch kit; will link into orchestrator_kit and retain marketing assets
  marketing/
  niche_pages/
  faqpacks/

automation surfaces:
  n8n/flows/               # operationalized flows (documented via link-automation task)
  mcp/tools/
  scripts/
```

## Directory Ownership & Guardrails

| Directory | Owner(s) | Primary Guardrails |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `orchestrator_kit/artifacts/` | DRIs listed per artifact in `guides/roles_matrix.md` | LLM prompt guardrails, QA/SRE checklists, reporting cadence |
| `orchestrator_kit/guides/` | Agent 0 (governance) + named collaborators | Messaging macros, governance policy, security rules, incident response |
| `orchestrator_kit/automation/` | Agent 6 + Agent 12 | Budget caps, retry policy, payload schemas, worker scope |
| `orchestrator_kit/prompts/` | Agent 4 (tone) + Agent 6 (automation impacts) | ≤60-word enforcement, deferral phrasing, start-work template |
| `orchestrator_kit/workspaces/` | Any agent (transient) | No guardrails—finals must graduate to `artifacts/` |
| `orchestrator_kit/marketing/` | Agent 11 + marketing lead | Messaging consistency, value prop guardrails |
| `docs/kit/` | Agent 0 (historical) | Legacy reference only; point readers to new canonical paths |
| `n8n/flows/`, `mcp/tools/`, `jobs/` | Agent 6 (automation) + Agent 12 (SRE) | Scheduling, escalation hooks, nightly safeguards |

## Migration Notes

| Category | Examples | Former Location(s) | Target Directory | Action |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Final deliverables | `01_stack.md`, `03_flow_spec.json`, `09_qa_checklist.md` | `agent_workspaces/agent_*/*` | `orchestrator_kit/artifacts/` | Move files; keep filenames; update references |
| Automation configs | `automation_specs.md`, `06_zaps_make.yaml`, `webhook_contracts.json`, `cloud_workers/*` | `agent_workspaces/`, `orchestrator_kit/cloud_workers/` | `orchestrator_kit/automation/` | Consolidate specs + worker assets; delete `.bak` backups after verification |
| Governance guides | `roles_matrix.md`, `message_standards.md`, `incident_runbook.md`, `governance_security.md`, `slack_channels.md` | `agent_workspaces/` | `orchestrator_kit/guides/` | Move and link to guardrail-heavy sections |
| Prompts | `agent_*/*_agent_prompt.md`, `bonus_prompts.md` | `agent_workspaces/agent_*/` + root | `orchestrator_kit/prompts/` | Rename to `agent_<n>_prompt.md`; update instructions |
| Working drafts | ad-hoc notes, to-be-added scratch docs | `agent_workspaces/agent_*/` (mixed with finals today) | `orchestrator_kit/workspaces/agent_*/` | Create README placeholders; future drafts live here, separate from finals |
| Marketing + GTM | `positioning_pack.md`, `13_pull_site_strategy.md`, marketing kits under `docs/kit` | `agent_workspaces/`, `docs/kit/marketing/` | `orchestrator_kit/marketing/` (bridged to `docs/kit/marketing`) | Move shared positioning docs, keep large marketing packs in place but cross-link |
| Data packs | FAQ CSV/JSON, generated assets | `agent_workspaces/agent_2/`, `docs/kit/faqpacks/generated` | `orchestrator_kit/artifacts/` (core), `docs/kit/faqpacks/` (vertical packs) | Sync canonical CSV into artifacts, leave generated packs under `docs/kit/faqpacks/` |

## Guardrail Visibility Plan

- **Customer messaging** — `guides/message_standards.md` + `artifacts/04_prompts.md`; every agent prompt references these macros and ≤60-word rules.
- **Automation & data** — `automation/automation_specs.md`, `automation/06_zaps_make.yaml`, `automation/webhook_contracts.json`; mirrored inside `n8n/flows` and MCP tools via the automation README.
- **Operational resilience** — `guides/incident_runbook.md`, `artifacts/12_monitoring.md`, `artifacts/09_qa_checklist.md`; tie directly into incident Slack channels and KPI digests.
- **Security & governance** — `guides/governance_security.md`, `guides/roles_matrix.md`, `orchestrator_kit/.checklist.yml`; enforce access control, rotation, and CI checks.

All cross-references (agent prompts, README files, CI scripts) are being updated during migration so contributors always land on the canonical path above. Legacy files under `docs/kit/` will remain as pointers until downstream documentation is refreshed.

## Migration Status (Nov 2025)

- ✅ Files moved from `agent_workspaces/` into `orchestrator_kit/{artifacts|prompts}` with pointer README left behind.
- ✅ Automation assets consolidated under `orchestrator_kit/automation/` (including Cloudflare worker code and Supabase schema).
- ✅ Governance docs consolidated under `orchestrator_kit/guides/` with updated links in `docs/kit/`.
- 🔄 Legacy launch handbook (`docs/kit/chatbot_launch_role_slackkit_v_1.1.md`) still references historical narrative; keep until marketing revamp completes.
- 🔄 Run `scripts/cleanup_agent_workspaces.sh` once all tooling points to `orchestrator_kit/` to delete the compatibility shims.

Commit message:

Add daily report runner, Slack CSV hooks, and docs
Introduces a daily report runner service and ClickHouse integration in the Docker Compose file, with supporting environment variables and documentation. Adds Slack CSV hooks server, setup guides, CSV schema documentation, and operator prompts for a no-API workflow. Updates quickstart and environment templates to reflect new services and variables, and clarifies legacy agent bootstrapping in orchestrator structure.

orchestrator_kit/STRUCTURE.md, after:

# Target Repository Structure

The orchestrator now supports a broader operations shop (multiple brands, shared automations, multi-agent workflows). This structure ensures contributors always know where the canonical artifact lives and where guardrails are injected. Paths are relative to the repository root.

## Scope & Guardrail Primer

- *Business shop remit:* customer messaging, sales enablement, automation, incident response, marketing collateral, and analytics across multiple storefronts.
- *Fixed agent identities:* Agent numbering and responsibilities remain unchanged (see `guides/roles_matrix.md`); only their deliverable footprint has expanded.
- *Guardrail injection points:* messaging (`guides/message_standards.md` + `artifacts/04_prompts.md`), automation (`automation/automation_specs.md` + `automation/06_zaps_make.yaml`), operations (`artifacts/09_qa_checklist.md`, `artifacts/12_monitoring.md`, `guides/incident_runbook.md`), and governance (`guides/governance_security.md`, `.checklist.yml`). Every directory below calls out the relevant guardrail sources so editors know what to reference before making changes.

```
orchestrator_kit/
  README.md                # high-level guide + quick links
  MANIFEST.md              # inventory of canonical assets (generated above)
  STRUCTURE.md             # this file
  artifacts/               # final, approved deliverables (D0–D7 outputs, datasets)
    01_stack.md
    02_scope_faq.csv
    ...
  automation/              # machine-consumable specs & worker code
    automation_specs.md
    06_zaps_make.yaml
    webhook_contracts.json
    cloud_workers/
    ...
  guides/                  # governance + guardrail references
    roles_matrix.md
    message_standards.md
    incident_runbook.md
    governance_security.md
    slack_channels.md
  prompts/                 # agent prompts + reusable prompt libraries
    agent_0_prompt.md
    agent_1_prompt.md
    ...
    bonus_prompts.md
  workspaces/              # active drafting areas per agent (transient notebooks, scratch pads)
    agent_1/
    agent_2/
    ...
  marketing/               # positioning + GTM collateral tied to orchestrator deliverables
    positioning_pack.md
    13_pull_site_strategy.md

docs/kit/                  # legacy launch kit; will link into orchestrator_kit and retain marketing assets
  marketing/
  niche_pages/
  faqpacks/

automation surfaces:
  n8n/flows/               # operationalized flows (documented via link-automation task)
  mcp/tools/
  scripts/
```

## Directory Ownership & Guardrails

| Directory | Owner(s) | Primary Guardrails |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `orchestrator_kit/artifacts/` | DRIs listed per artifact in `guides/roles_matrix.md` | LLM prompt guardrails, QA/SRE checklists, reporting cadence |
| `orchestrator_kit/guides/` | Agent 0 (governance) + named collaborators | Messaging macros, governance policy, security rules, incident response |
| `orchestrator_kit/automation/` | Agent 6 + Agent 12 | Budget caps, retry policy, payload schemas, worker scope |
| `orchestrator_kit/prompts/` | Agent 4 (tone) + Agent 6 (automation impacts) | ≤60-word enforcement, deferral phrasing, start-work template |
| `orchestrator_kit/workspaces/` | Any agent (transient) | No guardrails—finals must graduate to `artifacts/` |
| `orchestrator_kit/marketing/` | Agent 11 + marketing lead | Messaging consistency, value prop guardrails |
| `docs/kit/` | Agent 0 (historical) | Legacy reference only; point readers to new canonical paths |
| `n8n/flows/`, `mcp/tools/`, `jobs/` | Agent 6 (automation) + Agent 12 (SRE) | Scheduling, escalation hooks, nightly safeguards |

## Migration Notes

| Category | Examples | Former Location(s) | Target Directory | Action |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Final deliverables | `01_stack.md`, `03_flow_spec.json`, `09_qa_checklist.md` | `agent_workspaces/agent_*/*` | `orchestrator_kit/artifacts/` | Move files; keep filenames; update references |
| Automation configs | `automation_specs.md`, `06_zaps_make.yaml`, `webhook_contracts.json`, `cloud_workers/*` | `agent_workspaces/`, `orchestrator_kit/cloud_workers/` | `orchestrator_kit/automation/` | Consolidate specs + worker assets; delete `.bak` backups after verification |
| Governance guides | `roles_matrix.md`, `message_standards.md`, `incident_runbook.md`, `governance_security.md`, `slack_channels.md` | `agent_workspaces/` | `orchestrator_kit/guides/` | Move and link to guardrail-heavy sections |
| Prompts | `agent_*/*_agent_prompt.md`, `bonus_prompts.md` | `agent_workspaces/agent_*/` + root | `orchestrator_kit/prompts/` | Rename to `agent_<n>_prompt.md`; update instructions |
| Working drafts | ad-hoc notes, to-be-added scratch docs | `agent_workspaces/agent_*/` (mixed with finals today) | `orchestrator_kit/workspaces/agent_*/` | Create README placeholders; future drafts live here, separate from finals |
| Marketing + GTM | `positioning_pack.md`, `13_pull_site_strategy.md`, marketing kits under `docs/kit` | `agent_workspaces/`, `docs/kit/marketing/` | `orchestrator_kit/marketing/` (bridged to `docs/kit/marketing`) | Move shared positioning docs, keep large marketing packs in place but cross-link |
| Data packs | FAQ CSV/JSON, generated assets | `agent_workspaces/agent_2/`, `docs/kit/faqpacks/generated` | `orchestrator_kit/artifacts/` (core), `docs/kit/faqpacks/` (vertical packs) | Sync canonical CSV into artifacts, leave generated packs under `docs/kit/faqpacks/` |

## Guardrail Visibility Plan

- **Customer messaging** — `guides/message_standards.md` + `artifacts/04_prompts.md`; every agent prompt references these macros and ≤60-word rules.
- **Automation & data** — `automation/automation_specs.md`, `automation/06_zaps_make.yaml`, `automation/webhook_contracts.json`; mirrored inside `n8n/flows` and MCP tools via the automation README.
- **Operational resilience** — `guides/incident_runbook.md`, `artifacts/12_monitoring.md`, `artifacts/09_qa_checklist.md`; tie directly into incident Slack channels and KPI digests.
- **Security & governance** — `guides/governance_security.md`, `guides/roles_matrix.md`, `orchestrator_kit/.checklist.yml`; enforce access control, rotation, and CI checks.

All cross-references (agent prompts, README files, CI scripts) are being updated during migration so contributors always land on the canonical path above. Legacy files under `docs/kit/` will remain as pointers until downstream documentation is refreshed.

## Migration Status (Nov 2025)

- ✅ Files moved from `agent_workspaces/` into `orchestrator_kit/{artifacts|prompts}` with pointer README left behind.
- ✅ Automation assets consolidated under `orchestrator_kit/automation/` (including Cloudflare worker code and Supabase schema).
- ✅ Governance docs consolidated under `orchestrator_kit/guides/` with updated links in `docs/kit/`.
- 🔄 Legacy launch handbook (`docs/kit/chatbot_launch_role_slackkit_v_1.1.md`) still references historical narrative; keep until marketing revamp completes.
- 🔄 **Legacy bridges:** `agents_registry.yaml` and `agent_workspaces/docs_organizer/boot_prompt.sh` intentionally point to `agent_workspaces/` paths temporarily. These are compatibility shims until boot tooling migrates to `orchestrator_kit/` paths. Comments in these files note the future swap.
- 🔄 Run `scripts/cleanup_agent_workspaces.sh` once all tooling points to `orchestrator_kit/` to delete the compatibility shims.
